MC-1242 - configurable metrics thread pool size (#145)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/deploy-manage/pages/system-properties.adoc

hz-mc start -Dhazelcast.mc.metrics.disk.ttl.duration=P2D
----

> |[[hazelcast-mc-metrics-consumer-thread-pool-size]]hazelcast.mc.metrics.consumer.thread.pool.size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[hazelcast-mc-metrics-consumer-thread-pool-size]]`hazelcast.mc.metrics.consumer.thread.pool.size`
```

METRICS_CONSUMER_THREAD_POOL_SIZE

> |How many threads consume metrics from the cluster members. Default: `2`. See xref:historical-metrics.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Number of threads that are used to consume metrics from cluster members. Default: `2`. See xref:historical-metrics.adoc[].
```

|
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----

> hz-mc start -Dhhazelcast.mc.metrics.consumer.thread.pool.size=5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hz-mc start -Dhazelcast.mc.metrics.consumer.thread.pool.size=5
```

Reviewer: @promanenko just checking if this is a typo or intentional

Author: a typo, thanks for catching that
